[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, I'm Bob Bailey, a Learning
Specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, we'll see
how to determine which
videos have the most views.
The Performance report
in the Analytics module
is used to view the
number of video views.
A video view is counted as soon
as the video begins playback.
Video views are not useful for
determining how much of a video
a viewer watched.
The Engagement report
is useful if you're
interested in determining
how much of the video
is being watched.
Start by using the date selector
in the upper right of the page
to select a date
range for your report.
I'm going to select
Last 30 days.
Next, I'll select
the Video Dimension.
Click on any of the column
headers to sort the data
by that column.
I'm going to sort
by Video Views.
This is showing me the
videos with the most
views for the past 30 days.
Use the search box to
search for a specific video.
Video title, video
ID, and reference ID
are common properties
to search on,
but other properties
can also be searched.
When searching for
a specific video,
it will default to
showing views by player.
You can also select
other dimensions.
For example, I can
see which countries
had the most views and the
types of devices that were used.